Add script to modify updates metadata for a new rollout (#344)
coreos/fedora-coreos-streams: ISSUE_TEMPLATE/next.md

fedora-coreos-stream-generator -releases=https://fcos-builds.s3.amazonaws.com/prod/streams/next/releases.json  -output-file=streams/next.json -pretty-print
```

> - [ ] Update updates metadata.  For a 48-hour rollout starting at 10 AM ET, run:

Reviewer: Maybe now we can just say

```suggestion
- [ ] Add rollout.  For a 48-hour rollout starting at 10 AM ET, run:
```

?
